bpo-47120: make JUMP_NO_INTERRUPT relative (#32221)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

* Replaced :opcode:`JUMP_ABSOLUTE` by the relative :opcode:`JUMP_BACKWARD`.

> * Replaced :opcode:`JUMP_NO_INTERRUPT` by the relative
>   :opcode:`JUMP_BACKWARD_NO_INTERRUPT`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added :opcode:`JUMP_BACKWARD_NO_INTERRUPT`, which is used in certain loops where it is undesirable to handle interrupts.
```

(this is a new opcode, and it was never added to whatsnew).
